Here comes the boy
Be careful with slippage
Ouch, it's okay old man
Do you usually keep it at home?
I do all the water work
Don't worry.
Hey, by the way, grandma
Do you know how to get to the Ding family's ancestral house?
Just take two more steps and you'll be there.
Old lady, I'll go ahead first
Then I'll fall into the well. You're really kidding
Boy, you are so nice
Wife, how could I lie to you?
Ah this
Why is it empty?
Old lady
What about this person, old lady?
Who is missing?
Hey, hey, big brother, hey.
Did you see a wife here just now?
Oh, how can there be any old woman at night?
Are you blind?
Oh, big brother, there was really an old woman just now.
She even asked me to fetch water for her
Water for farting?
People have died in this well.
The water stinks and can't be used.
Now go to the river to get water
That's impossible.
Look at the big brother, his things are still here.
Little brother, you won't meet
Is there something unclean?